# INTRODUCTION

- But by your early teens, school had morphed into a format where you carried much greater responsibility for your own learning. The teacher lectured while you took notes; at home, you read textbooks, completed assignments, and studied for tests. This class format meant your teachers expected that you knew how to (1) set priorities and plan your schedule; (2) read difficult content independently; (3) avoid procrastination; (4) memorize content; (5) avoid distractions; (6) judge when you had studied enough; (7) show what you knew on a test; and (8) deal with emotions like anxiety that interfere with learning. And if you didn't do those things well, it was your problem, not the teacher's. In short, you were expected to be an independent learner. But your brain doesn't come with a user's manual. Independent learning calls for many separate skills, and you needed someone to teach them to you. Most likely, no one did.
- My primary motivation in going to graduate school was not an altruistic wish to help people learn but a selfish wish to become a professor, because I believed that professors didn't have bosses. (LOL)
- For example, wanting to learn has no direct impact on learning. You often remember things you didn't try to learn. I expect you could tell me whether or not Prince Harry is married, what Harvey Weinstein did wrong, and whether or not Bradley Cooper played the lead in the movie Forrest Gump. You didn't study any of these things; you were simply exposed to them, and they stuck in your mind. When I was a college student, I spent much time frantically trying to cram new knowledge into my head; it was weird to be told that the desire to learn doesn't matter.

# How to Understand a Lecture

- This sort of problem is especially likely to pop up during lectures because of the way they are organized. Conversations are unplanned; I just talk about things as they occur to me, so connected ideas typically follow one after the other almost immediately. But lectures are usually organized hierarchically, which means the instructor wants the listener to connect some ideas that are not next to one another. Let's look at what that means.
- But as you listen, you're not going to appreciate every bit of the lecture organization. It moves too quickly. Aim for getting the first two levels of the hierarchy. The top level is the question, or the overriding theme of the day. In our food science lecture, the top- level question was "Why cook meat?" In a history class, it might be whether presidential candidates today could run front-porch campaigns-candidacies in which the politician does not travel but makes speeches close to home.
- But this is inaccurate, and in the previous section we saw an important reason that learning from a lecture requires active thinking: listeners must rebuild the hierarchical organization of what they hear.
- Plutarch, the Greek biographer, commented on the difficulty of listening nearly two thousand years ago:

> There are others who Ithink that the speaker has a function to perform, and the hearer none. They think it only right that the speaker shall come with his discourse carefully thought out and prepared, while they, without consideration or thought of their obligations, rush in and take their seats exactly as though they had come to dinner, to have a good time while others toil. And yet even a well-bred guest at dinner has a function to perform, much more a hearer; for he is a participant in the discourse and a fellow-worker with the speaker.

