# dqw

- These are people who don't think like the athletes playing the sport or like the writers covering it. For example, a wine critic once told me she thought that noted oenophile LeBron James would make a good vineyard owner because he's a multitasker who prefers to delegate on the fly, and that his history with erratic teammates like J. R. Smith would come in handy when harvesting in unpredictable weather. This hypothetical vineyard stewardship was some of the most apt analysis I've encountered in all my years following basketball. Score one for viticulture.

# AN INTRODUCTORY CLASS - Naismith's original thirteen rules for basketball

- Let's start with the murder story because it's obviously more interesting. In 1939, Naismith was interviewed about the birth of basketball for a radio program called We the People. The audio, which was unearthed from the WOR-AM archives in 2015, remains the only known recording of Naismith's voice. He was seventy-seven at the time of his appearance and sounds grandfatherly and kind. (Sadly, he died ten months after the interview.) It's a rather polished performance, and Naismith regales the studio audience with the story of how he tamed a class of "incorrigibles" he was tasked with teaching at the YMCA Training School in Springfield, Massachusetts, on December 21, 1891.
- We know that some elements of his violent We the People story are true. Naismith really was tasked with keeping a class of rowdy jerks dubbed "the incorrigibles" active and enter- tained. Their previous physical education teacher (a retired circus performer) failed to get the students interested in calisthenics and gymnastics, and Naismith theorized that the young men craved competition and needed to fulfill a "play instinct." He tried to modify football and soccer for the indoors, but the former was too violent and the latter led to errant kicks that frequently knocked dumbbells off their wall racks. (It was a "practical lesson in first aid," Na- ismith wrote.) His solution was a game that involved tossing a ball into peach baskets nailed to the gym's balcony.
- The embellishment may have also been down to the fact that the first game was extremely boring. It finished with a score of 1-0, and a student named William Chase hit the only basket on a desperate heave from twenty-five feet (all shots were worth one point). The gymnasium floor measured thirty-five by fifty-four feet, meaning the first successful shot in hoops history was from nearly mid-court. Besides this Steph Curry-like anomaly, that inaugural game was clumsy, if not entirely chaotic. "There was no teamwork, but each man did his best," Naismith wrote of his guinea pigs.
- An extremely crowded court. **Each team had nine men per side, and everyone played at the same time. Substitutions weren't invented until the following year, after a game at Cornell featured more than a hundred players on the floor at once.** The teacher there cut the contest short because, as Naismith writes, "there was a danger of serious damage to the building."
- 